talk about sex seriously where are you
trying to kill me what I'd be trying to
kill you because the last time we met I
tried to kill you that was a long time
ago some people hold on to things like
that they used to be the CIA's top
agents Victoria best wet work asset in
the business but what's huh I kill
people dear but the secrets they know
this is off the books total blackout
just made them the agency's top targets
tell me everything know some thumbsucker
tagged in breath
retired extremely dangerous yeah they
don't make them like that anymore we're
going to break into the CIA and find out
who's trying to kill us we're getting
the band back together I put a few
things away just the case I am excited
what do you suppose the punishment is
for we're doing here
death I thought it might be nice to have
a bit of girl time together you can't
touch me
of course we can
[Music]
no respect
old man my